# 2018SpringWSP
Web Server Programming - What Do You Meme?

During my senior year of high school, my physics professor began to teach us the basics of HTML after our AP final. We only touched on the very basics but it had peaked my interest enough to pursue it in college. Some of the classes I have taken here at SUNY New Paltz include: CS I: Foundations, CS II: Data Structures, CS III, Assembly Language and Computer Architecture, Operating Systems, Object Oriented Programming, Discrete Mathematics, and Linear Algebra. I am also currently enrolled in Discrete and Continuous Algorithms, and Language Processing. Throughout all of these classes I have become comforatable with Java and have begun to teach myself HTML, CSS, and JavaScript out of a desire to pursue web programming. I have taken a course throught the Google Developement Group of the Hudson Valley on Android Programming where they taught us the basics of how to create Apps with Android Studio. Similarly I recently became a recipient of the Grow with Google scholarship program in which Google and Udacity teamed up to provide free courses on the basics of web programming.

Using the knowledge I have learned from the scholarship progam, I plan on utilizing this course in helping me transition from academia into the real world as I explore job opportunites after college. I hope to learn a bit more about different languages to add to my skillset. In doing so I believe this will help me be more prepared for real-world job opportunites.
